hi welcome back to the arcade repair
tips video series we're doing a cap kit
right now on this monitor chasis and
we've already found a couple of bad caps
how do we know that we're bad when we
check in with a es or meter from that
electronics that electronics mad
electronics comm this was about $50 so
that's not a not a real high dollar tool
they're better ones
there's but this one will do the job
just finding check in circuit which
comes in very handy it's a lot faster
like I said we found two cats that were
bad and from the heat all these what
they do is they drive and no thang value
and go back alright so we took the old
caps we D solder them use some
desoldering braid and we pull the old
caps out we tested them in circuit then
we took them out and also test them out
of circuit these guys are bad we're
ready to put in now there's some numbers
and letters and stuff on here
what are those mean what well when
you're replacing a cap the first number
is usually the voltage it could be
backwards you'll have a B after the
number that's your voltage you can you
always want to replace with the same
voltage you can go up in voltage which
you can never go down in focus the next
number is gonna have a UF and that's
gonna be your micro farad and that needs
to be exactly whatever come out and
substitute anything so what what came
out of here says can you have so that's
10 microfarads at a hundred volts what
do you have I have a 10 microfarad at
160 voters okay they have to be 10
microfarads correct but it's okay that
we went up and bolt it that's correct
you can always go up and never go down
okay so why I'm looking at this and one
of the legs is longer than the other one
why is that well there's polarity on
these there's a negative and a positive
and on your
horde you'll have they'll either have a
+4 positive there were a lot of times I
have a black mark for a negative you
need to make sure you have that correct
and there are a couple arcade boards
that come from overseas in different
places that do not have it on there so
by all means keep in mind which way the
negative side and you can tell the
negative side on a cap because it will
have a stripe on on the side so remember
which way the strike was when you pull
it out so when you put it back in and
sometimes you can't read on the back of
the board dad so many repairs or is kind
of been scraped off so keep in mind
which way you but go no cuz it matters
right it matters greatly if I replace 50
caps on the monitor chassés and put one
on backwards you're gonna do more damage
than what you have before we started
exactly so take your time make sure you
know which way is polarity and I'm sure
there's going to be more in the article
about this so please read that part very
carefully and take your time don't rush
okay so now we're ready to put it in and
let's see on the board here it has a
plus towards me so that is going to be
the shorter in right
the longer in the longer okay want to
make sure the black stripe away from you
the black stripe is away from me so
we're just going to stick it through the
holes here okay
now what when you stick it through the
hose you'll have the leads just pull
them up a little bit and bend them out
that will give tension and give you time
to solder it without your cat falling
back off the board right so even if
you're by yourself you do this all the
time without any help you're by yourself
just bend the legs a little
so the will stay in place right correct
okay Michael do you want to do the
honors there's our solder and our
soldering iron on these older boards
because of the heat from the board
itself the traces get real brittle and
you need to make sure you don't fly your
heat stay on there for a long period of
time where it will field a little bit
then copper trace off the food but you
want to make sure you get enough heat so
you don't have a cold solder joint
awesome just
place your iron there use your solder
that's all it's - that fast huh take a
pair of
we can cut your always make sure you cut
your leads off you don't want them
touching the metal or granite outdoors
or the pool they snip them even with the
solder connection and you're done so we
have now replaced one cap and your cap
cap may come with 10 or 11 but you just
keep doing the same thing over and over
right correct like the Tim said just
make sure you keep your polarities right
valve causing major problems right you
can ruin a whole cap job by one cap so
take your time and if you don't feel
comfortable all means email and send it
in to us for repair we have reasonable
rights but thank you guys for watching
and tight stay tuned for more videos
you